
Nathaniel Williams
American ▪ nathaniel@attentiv.dev ▪ (330) 458-9393 ▪ github.com/gluebag
Address
17768 Villa Club Way
Boca Raton FL,
33496
USA
Professional Summary
Seasoned and versatile software engineer with 18 years of experience, eager to fill any gaps and drive innovation as a Senior Staff Partner Solutions Architect at Google Cloud. Proven in designing scalable web-based platforms that are unique to their industry. I bring technical expertise and a collaborative team spirit to be what I think would be the "perfect puzzle piece" Google is looking for in a hire for this role. I am ready to commute to Google's Brickell office most days to collaborate in-person, but I also have honed-in discipline and flexibility for remote work and can adapt to any situation.
Work Experience
Attentiv Development ▪ Coconut Creek ▪ United States
Founder & Lead Developer
06/2010 - present
A company that started as: A kid who loved to solve problems on a slow computer in a room in Ohio, with a dream it would lead somewhere.
Now in 2025, we've "solved", created, and maintained countless (okay at-least 10+) massive projects with our upmost clever solutions. Some projects, (with the help of their incredible founders of course) went on to be very successful with valuations and sale of $100million+ (QuoteVelocity.com). 
All projects start with the same process: a child-like curiosity and love of the puzzles. I'm just bigger and wiser, full of discipline, with way better tools in the tool belt.
MobileDollars
Software Engineer
QuoteVelocity ▪ Boca Raton, Florida, United States
Senior Software Engineer
01/2020
QuoteVelocity ▪ Boca Raton, Florida, United States
Chief Technology Officer
01/2019 - 07/2022
Projects
* Developed the Edgelist mobile app for iPhone, which provided stock traders with real-time market data and insights, significantly improving their decision-making process.  
* Launched the app successfully in the App Store, achieving over 1,000 downloads in the first month, demonstrating strong market demand and validating the concept.  
Contracted to lead the full-stack redevelopment of CNTRL.ai, an AI/ML workflow SaaS platform. Designed a novel UI and recoded front-end/back-end systems integrating leading LLM APIs (ChatGPT, Claude, etc.), abstracting complex AI/ML processes into intuitive tools for end-users.
References
Emmanuel Zuccarelli ▪ QuoteVelocity.com
(561) 400-2323 ▪ manny@quotevelocity.com
Nate and Attentiv have exceeded our expectations on multiple, complex projects.
Without their unique approach to software development and planning, we would not be where we are today.
Yaniv Mindell ▪ BestText.com
954-592-9121 ▪ yaniv@besttext.com
We have worked with Nate and Attentiv for nearly 10 years. They have completed robust/complex projects which we were told would take years of development in an astonishingly short period of time. We have always been extremely pleased with the end result!
Rob Johnson ▪ KowboyKit.com
636-346-2037 ▪ rob@kowboykit.com
Finding good developers is hard, finding GREAT developers who consistently go above and beyond is nearly impossible. Nate and Attentiv are GREAT.
Education
New Philadelphia High School ▪ New Philadelphia ▪ United States
08/2006 - 06/2010


	  
  Download a beautiful PDF version
	 of this resume on kickresume.com








1


